# PetsHome TASK:
Introduction This file contains a brief description of the website's functionality as well as requirements for the site's pages and tools.
The website http://130.193.37.179/app/pets is designed for posting ads about homeless dogs.
This site provides several free tools that allow:
Pets page - provides information about homeless dogs and also tracks information about those pets that have found shelter.
Important: the names of the pets may vary slightly, we will try to keep this file up to date, but if you notice any inaccuracies, please let the client know.
Site Requirements: • The "About Us" page should contain information about the site itself. • The "Pets" page should have input fields: "Animal Type", "Breed", "Gender", "Age" - where information about the pet can be entered and a report on the available pets or pets that have found shelter can be obtained. There should also be a filter field "Sort by" in which the results of the received pets can be sorted by different categories (the actual site page should resemble the screenshot). • The "Contacts" page should contain information about how to contact us. • All pages described in this file also contain a "Find a pet" field, which searches for pets on the site. • All pages described in this file also contain social media links in the footer. • All tools should have user input validation, and if the user enters incorrect information, a clear and correct error message should be displayed (so that the user can understand what the problem is and change the data). • No errors should occur when opening any page of the site, and there should be no 5xx response codes from the server. • The number of bugs found on this site should not be less than 10 and should not exceed 20 if possible. • The number of checks on the site should not be less than 30 (taking into account all pages).
